c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\Ausgang.exe.config
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FsEmptyWindowsApp2.XML
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\Ausgang.exe
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\Ausgang.pdb
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FSharp.Data.TypeProviders.dll
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FSharpx.Core.dll
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FSharpx.TypeProviders.dll
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Interop.Excel.dll
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\office.dll
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Vbe.Interop.dll
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FSharpx.Core.xml
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FSharpx.TypeProviders.xml
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\de\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\obj\x86\Debug\Ausgang.g.resources
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\obj\x86\Debug\Ausgang.exe
c:\users\friedrich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\obj\x86\Debug\Ausgang.pdb
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\Ausgang.exe.config
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FsEmptyWindowsApp2.XML
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\Ausgang.exe
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\Ausgang.pdb
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FSharp.Data.TypeProviders.dll
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FSharpx.Core.dll
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FSharpx.TypeProviders.dll
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Interop.Excel.dll
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\office.dll
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Vbe.Interop.dll
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FSharpx.Core.xml
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FSharpx.TypeProviders.xml
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\bin\Debug\de\FSharp.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\obj\x86\Debug\Ausgang.g.resources
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\obj\x86\Debug\Ausgang.exe
C:\Users\Friedrich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Ausgang\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\FsEmptyWindowsApp2\obj\x86\Debug\Ausgang.pdb
